https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 Gatekeeper (#8996)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper_operator/manage_gk.adoc

= Managing the {gate} installation policies

[role="_abstract"]
Use the {acm-short} policy to install the {gate} and Gatekeeper on a managed cluster.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

.Procedure

. Install Gatekeeper by using a {gate} policy. Use the configuration policy controller. 

+
*Note:* During the install, the operator group and subscription pull the {gate} to install it on your managed cluster. Then, the policy creates a Gatekeeper custom resource to configure Gatekeeper.

> . Check the {gate} policy by using the {acm-short} configuration policy controller. When you set the controller to `enforce`, it automatically creates the {gate} objects on the managed cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
. Set the remediation action to `enforce` on the {gate} policy. 

+
*Note:* The {acm-short} configuration policy controller supports the `enforce` remediation action and automatically creates the {gate} objects on the managed cluster.
```
